All the rhetoric from Trump about "draining the swamp"
and corruption in Washington, how do you see that
in relation to the Fed and all that crap? Thank you.
Going on from that then, obviously what we saw
with Trump is like a failure of statecraft.
No one within the DNC or RNC actually...
I think necessarily saw it coming.
I'm talking about the parties, the pollsters.
Yes, absolutely. I mean, people from [?] actually did
some group polling and actually predicted his win.
But that seemed to be a failure of statecraft, right?
It was an embarrassment for D.C.
But don't we actually have a problem, though?
It's not the failure of statecraft that we need to point to,
but actually... a failure in economics.
...talking about the fact that we can see technology
everywhere, apart from in productivity stats.
We have issues around productivity -
So the point is, one of the things I think would serve us
even better - you alluded to this in terms of applications
Shouldn't we be looking for engines for growth
rather than self-referencing innovation within
financial services and technology?